replication: add bootstrap_strategy "supervised" (#8545)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-8509-bootstrap-strategy-supervised.md

## feature/replication

* You may now control which node new replicas choose as a bootstrap leader

>   without touching node config: set `box.cfg.bootstrap_strategy` to
>   `'supervised'` and the nodes will only bootstrap off the node on which you
>   called `box.ctl.make_bootstrap_leader()` last.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  without touching node config. To do so, set `box.cfg.bootstrap_strategy` to
  `'supervised'`, and the nodes will only bootstrap off the node on which you
  called `box.ctl.make_bootstrap_leader()` last.
```

>   This works on an empty replica set bootstrap as well: start the admin console
>   before configuring the nodes, configure the nodes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This works on an empty replica set bootstrap as well: start the admin console
  before configuring the nodes. Then configure the nodes:
```

  ```lua
  box.cfg{
      bootstrap_strategy = 'supervised',
      replication = ...,
      listen = ...,
  }
  ```

>   and finally issue `box.ctl.make_bootstrap_leader()` through the admin console
>   on the node you want to promote. Everyone will bootstrap off that node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Finally, call `box.ctl.make_bootstrap_leader()` through the admin console
  on the node you want to promote. All the nodes will bootstrap off that node
```
